MTA-5287 Release Notes for 7.2.3: First draft (#159)
migtools/mta-documentation: docs/topics/ref_resolved-issues-7-2-3.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
//docs/release_notes-7.2.0/master.adoc

:_template-generated: 2024-12-04
:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE

[id="resolved-issues-7-2-3_{context}"]
= Fixed issues

This section provides highlighted issues that have been resolved in {ProductFullName} 7.2.3.

.{ProductShortName} allows creating a resource in the user interface after you create the resource using REST calls

> Previously, resource creation failed with an `http-409` error in the {ProductShortName} user interface, after you created the same resource with a specific ID through REST calls. This issue has been resolved in {ProductShortName} 7.2.3. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTA-5288[(MTA-5288)]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously, resource creation failed with an `http-409` error in the {ProductShortName} user interface after you created the same resource with a specific ID through REST calls. This issue has been resolved in {ProductShortName} 7.2.3. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTA-5288[(MTA-5288)]
```

> Previously, {ProductShortName} {WebNameTitle} failed to create an application with an `http-409` error, for which a REST resource with a specific ID was earlier created by using a `curl` command or a script. This issue has been resolved in {ProductShortName} 7.2.3. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTA-5288[(MTA-5288)]

Reviewer 2: This doesn't apply just to applications, better to use the word "resource".

And the tile would be somehting more like "{ProductShortName} {WebNameTitle} creates resources after creating resources via REST calls"

Author: Thank you @abrugaro ! I have made the suggested changes.

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
//docs/release_notes-7.2.0/master.adoc

:_template-generated: 2024-12-04
:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE

[id="resolved-issues-7-2-3_{context}"]
= Fixed issues

> This section provides highlighted issues that have been resolved in {ProductFullName} 7.2.3.

Reviewer 3: https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTA-5406 is an additional bug fixed in MTA 7.2.3

> .{ProductShortName} creates resources with auto-assigned IDs after creating Restful resources with specific IDs

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
.{ProductShortName} creates resources with auto-assigned IDs after creating RESTful resources with specific IDs
```

Author: Done, thanks!

> Previously in {ProductShortName}, when a resource had been created with a specific ID through REST calls after which another resource was created with an auto-assigned ID (through a REST call or in the user interface), it sometimes resulted in an `http-409` conflict. This issue has been resolved in {ProductShortName} 7.2.3. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTA-5288[(MTA-5288)]

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Previously in {ProductShortName}, when a resource was created with a specific ID through a REST call, and after which another resource was created with an auto-assigned ID, either through a REST call or in the user interface, a `http-409` conflict could occur. This issue has been resolved in {ProductShortName} 7.2.3. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTA-5288[(MTA-5288)]
```

Author: I have retained 'an' before http because of the 'aitch' pronunciation.

> .{ProductShortName} runs Java rules when analyzing Java binaries in Windows

Reviewer: Just for the confirmation, this title describes the "fixed" result, right? If yes, suggesting adding "now" :-)

```suggestion
.{ProductShortName} now runs Java rules when analyzing Java binaries in Windows
```

> Previously, when you performed a containerless analysis of compiled Java applications in Windows, {ProductShortName} did not match a Java rule and generated a Java Model (code 969) error, resulting in some rules not triggering issues in the analysis report. This issue has been resolved in {ProductShortName} 7.2.3. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTA-5370[(MTA-5370)]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously, when you performed a containerless analysis of compiled Java applications in Windows, {ProductShortName} did not match a Java rule and generated a Java Model (code 969) error. As a result, some rules did not trigger issues in the analysis report. This issue has been resolved in {ProductShortName} 7.2.3. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTA-5370[(MTA-5370)]
```
